Add agent plugin and AI tool docs (#850)
calkit/calkit: agent-plugin/agents/AGENTS.md

# Calkit agent guide

This document provides context for AI agents working in a Calkit project. It covers `calkit.yaml` structure, the pipeline model, environment conventions, and key CLI commands.

If you are using Claude Code with the Calkit plugin installed, these conventions are also available as skills: `/calkit:create-pipeline` and `/calkit:add-pipeline-stage`.

---

## What Calkit is

> Calkit is a tool for reproducible research. It wraps Git (source control) and DVC (data versioning), adds environment management, and provides a pipeline orchestration layer. The single source of truth for the project is `calkit.yaml`.

Author: ```suggestion
Calkit is a tool for research project management, with a focus on automation and reproducibility--like continuous delivery for research. It wraps Git (source control) and DVC (data versioning), adds environment management, and provides a pipeline orchestration layer. The single source of truth for the project is `calkit.yaml`.
```
